ReadMe.md, before:

## The objective of pig game is to score 100 points before the opponent do.
### 1. Gameplay:
In each turn, a player rolls a die repeatedly until either a 1 is rolled, or player decides to **hold** and pass on the turn to its opponent. The number a player rolls (except the **number 1**) is added to a current score. 
If the player rolls one they lose their current score and the turn is passed to their opponent. 
If the player decides to hold, their turn total (temporary score) is added to the overall score.
Players take turns to roll a single die as many times as they wish. 
The first player to score 100 win the Game. 

For example, the first player, Donald, begins a turn with a roll of 5. Donald could hold and score 5 points, but chooses to roll again. Donald rolls a 2, and could hold with a turn total of 7 points, but chooses to roll again. Donald rolls a 1, and must end his turn without scoring. The next player, Alexis, rolls the sequence 4-5-3-5-5, after which she chooses to hold, and adds her turn total of 22 points to her score.

### 2. Variantions of the games

As with many games, Pig is played with many rule variations, including the use of two dice instead of one. Right now, this version is only a starter and uses only one single dice but I'am expecting to built a Commercial variants of two-dice Pig similar to Pass the Pigs, [Pig Dice](https://www.boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/11022/pig-dice), and [Skunk.](https://www.boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/3425/skunk)



..
This variant is 1-dice Pig game and below is the flowchart depicting a sketch of the application

![Pig game flowchart ](https://github.com/seifedd/Dice/blob/master/pig-game-flowchart.png )

Commit message:

clarify how many players are needed to start game

ReadMe.md, after:

## The objective of pig game is to score 100 points before the opponent do.
### 1. Gameplay:
In each turn, a player rolls a die repeatedly until either a 1 is rolled, or player decides to **hold** and pass on the turn to its opponent. The number a player rolls (except the **number 1**) is added to a current score. 
If the player rolls one they lose their current score and the turn is passed to their opponent. 
If the player decides to hold, their turn total (temporary score) is added to the overall score.
Players take turns to roll a single die as many times as they wish. 
The first player to score 100 win the Game. 

For example, the first player, Donald, begins a turn with a roll of 5. Donald could hold and score 5 points, but chooses to roll again. Donald rolls a 2, and could hold with a turn total of 7 points, but chooses to roll again. Donald rolls a 1, and must end his turn without scoring. The next player, Alexis, rolls the sequence 4-5-3-5-5, after which she chooses to hold, and adds her turn total of 22 points to her score.

### 2. Variantions of the games

As with many games, Pig is played with many rule variations, including the use of two dice instead of one. Right now, this version is only a starter and uses only one single dice but I'am expecting to built a Commercial variants of two-dice Pig similar to Pass the Pigs, [Pig Dice](https://www.boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/11022/pig-dice), and [Skunk.](https://www.boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/3425/skunk)

## 3. Players: 
The game can be played with one or two players. This variant is 1-dice Pig game and below is the flowchart depicting a sketch of the application

![Pig game flowchart ](https://github.com/seifedd/Dice/blob/master/pig-game-flowchart.png )
